Alrighty guys <3 - You amazing and unlimited minds of incredibleness - I had a brainfart/epiphany, and these are rare for me ;) So I just wanted to message and get everyone's feedback and thoughts; my general idea is to try and combine as many as we can or hopefully all of these tools into one large all financials display tool? Using sliders, drop-downs and basic inputs to ease the flow the functionality - My thoughts are technically this can work as certain in-puts/values don’t change? (Income/Age etc) 

Looking for feedback on; 
	1. Idea's and possibilities (Please don’t hold back <3) - We think of work-arounds/solutions to raised concerns or impossibilities.
	2. I understand in order to get some out-puts some certain in-puts are needed, my thoughts are the outputs don’t give values but have a small description explain what in-puts are needed in order to get a value output - These outputs can be directly influenced by all the combined in pouts? This flag can also be used as an educational tool of some sort (Worded or visualized) 
	3. When we started this project, with the opening tools we had - They all had multiple infographics & visuals that changes as and when in-puts were made/updated - Green and red, serving as a kind of shock/wake-up factor (I was hoping we can move back to this as we build here)
	4. Another function ive noticed that’s gone missing was the abliity to download a PDF overview of the output? - Please can we explore our options here again.. 
	5. In addition, we have interactive financial tools on our App (Attached screen-shots) - Similar to what ive explained above, can these also be incorporated? 
	6. Ive requested feedback from multiple sources; hoping to combine all the good ideas into a single possible build goal/layout 
	7. Ive attached screen-shots of both the tools section (Control Panel - Contract card) These are the tools I would like to combine/incorporate into one - You will notice these tools aren't exactly the same (This will need correction) 
	8. All neatly built into one small calculator/financial tool? (As things change, the entire layout, visuals & outputs change (Real-life updates) 
	9. Has this been done or created before (Something similar online?)
	10. What would be a cool name for this Tool/Function/thingy be? 
	11. Lastly, we are not limited to what we have, if any of you see the opportunity to add a new tool, function etc - Please flag or add to it your feedback? 
